epoch 1
population 0
crossover1 1
crossover2 7
population 1
crossover1 3
crossover2 3
population 1 mutation
population 3 mutation
population 4 mutation
population 6 mutation
population 7 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 2
population 0
crossover2 5
crossover1 7
population 1
crossover1 7
crossover2 7
population 2
crossover1 2
crossover2 5
population 2 mutation
population 3 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 7 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 3
population 0
crossover2 2
crossover1 3
population 2 mutation
population 3 mutation
population 4 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 6 mutation
population 8 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
