epoch 2
population 0
crossover1 1
crossover2 8
population 1
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 2
crossover1 1
crossover2 8
population 3
crossover2 1
crossover1 8
population 4
crossover2 1
crossover1 8
population 1 mutation
population 8 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 3
population 0
crossover1 0
crossover2 1
population 1
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 2
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 3
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 4
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 0 mutation
population 1 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 4
population 0
crossover1 5
crossover2 5
population 1
crossover2 0
crossover1 5
population 2
crossover1 5
crossover2 5
population 3
crossover1 5
crossover2 5
population 4
crossover2 0
crossover1 5
population 0 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 5
population 0
crossover1 6
crossover2 6
population 1
crossover1 2
crossover2 2
population 2
crossover1 2
crossover2 2
population 3
crossover1 0
crossover2 6
population 0 mutation
population 2 mutation
population 6 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 6
population 0
crossover1 0
crossover2 1
population 1
crossover1 4
crossover2 4
population 2
crossover2 0
crossover1 4
population 3
crossover1 1
crossover2 4
population 0 mutation
population 1 mutation
population 4 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 7
population 0
crossover1 1
crossover2 5
population 1
crossover2 0
crossover1 1
population 2
crossover1 0
crossover2 1
population 3
crossover1 5
crossover2 5
population 0 mutation
population 1 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 8
population 0
crossover1 1
crossover2 1
population 1
crossover1 2
crossover2 6
population 1 mutation
population 2 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 6 mutation
population 8 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 9
population 0
crossover1 1
crossover2 8
population 1
crossover1 2
crossover2 8
population 2
crossover2 1
crossover1 8
population 1 mutation
population 2 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 8 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
epoch 10
population 0
crossover1 0
crossover2 4
population 1
crossover1 0
crossover2 5
population 2
crossover1 4
crossover2 4
population 3
crossover2 0
crossover1 5
population 0 mutation
population 4 mutation
population 5 mutation
population 0 initialize
population 1 initialize
